DHTML stands for Dynamic HTML, it is totally different from HTML. The browsers which support the dynamic HTML are some of the versions of Netscape Navigator 
and Internet Explorer of version higher than 4.0. The DHTML is based on the properties of the HTML, javascript, CSS, and DOM (Document Object Model which is used to access individual elements of a document) which helps in making dynamic content. It is the combination of HTML, CSS, JS, and DOM. The DHTML make use of Dynamic object model to make changes in settings and also in properties and methods. It also makes uses of Scripting and it is also part of earlier computing trends.

DHTML allows different scripting languages in a web page to change their variables, which enhance the effects, looks and many others
functions after the whole page have been fully loaded or under a view process, or otherwise static HTML pages on the same. But in true ways, there is
noting that as dynamic in DHTML, there is only the enclosing of different technologies like CSS, HTML, JS, DOM, and different sets of static languages 
which make it as dynamic.

DHTML is used to create interactive and animated web pages that are generated in real-time, also known as dynamic web pages so that when 
such a page is accessed, the code within the page is analyzed on the web server and the resulting HTML is sent to the client’s web browser.

HTML: HTML stands for Hypertext Markup Language and it is a client-side markup language. It is used to build the block of web pages.
Javascript: It is a Client-side Scripting language. Javascript is supported by most of the browser, also have cookies collection to determine the user needs.
CSS: The abbrevation of CSS is Cascading Style Sheet. It helps in the styling of the web pages and helps in designing of the pages.
The CSS rules for DHTML will be modified at different levels using JS with event handlers which adds a significant amount of dynamism with very little code.
DOM: It is known as a Document Object Model which act as the weakest links in it. The only defect in it is that most
of the browser does not support DOM. It is a way to manipulate the static contents.
